Weather, who is looking for you again? Where can I put the weather stone? I'm worried about it.
Discussing the weather, what, is the relationship between the weather and you known by them, I don’t owe you,
Why are you calling me now? Wait, since he let me lose, we have to
Admit it to them and ask for a show. You are also a parent. You said, we raised him like this.
Is it easy? How can he care about the kind of thing he is doing now? As far as I know, look
If you don’t believe it today
Go directly to mom
Just work hard and be firm in person
It may not be possible to imprison her
Besides, she has no backup plan
It's better not to risk others
But your dad called you so many times
We can't even see you in person
Thank you so much Yun Qing
Sister-in-law, don't be polite
I just can’t bear to look away and ignore Gu Mou.
Just change Qiannian to remaining
Don't blame dad for being so light.
Your parents raised you so big
How could you send Kochi?
Don't take care of your parents